alpha migration guide (#1139)
guardrails-ai/guardrails: docs/migration_guides/0-6-alpha-migration.md

# Migrating to 0.6.0-alpha

## Summary
This guide will help you migrate your codebase from 0.5.X to 0.6.0-alpha.

## Installation
```bash
pip install --pre guardrails-ai
```

## List of backwards incompatible changes

1. All validators will require authentication with a guardrails token. This will also apply to all versions >=0.4.x of the guardrails-ai package.
1. prompt, msg_history, instructions, reask_messages, reask_instructions, and will be removed from the `Guard.__call__` function and will instead be supported by a single messages argument, and a reask_messages argument for reasks.
1. Custom callables now need to expect `messages`, as opposed to `prompt` to come in as a keyword argument.
1. The default on_fail action for validators will change from noop to exception.
1. In cases where we try and generate structured data, Guardrails will no longer automatically attempt to try and coerce the LLM into giving correctly formatted information.
1. Guardrails will no longer automatically set a tool selection in the OpenAI callable when initialized using pydantic for initial prompts or reasks

> 1. Guard.from_stringis being removed in favor of Guard()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Guard.from_string is being removed in favor of Guard()
```
